Hello everyone and welcome to lesson 3c.
In this lesson, we're going to pretty much
get you the Android operating
system onto your DragonBoard 410c.
In order to do this,
we're going to need to take a few steps.
And the first step of course is
downloading all of the necessary
files you'll need.
This includes the binaries and
the boot loader.
>> And then the next think we need
to do is create a path variable.
A path variable is just a tool to
access the fast boot executable.
So we're going to create a path
variable to the path boot executable.
Then we're gonna modify a script file.
The script file is something that will
allow us to flash everything on at
the same time, all the different files,
instead of doing it one by one.
Makes your like a lot easier.
And then the last thing we're gonna do
is actually start flashing each other
files onto the Dragon Board.
>> Yeah.
So stay tuned and
we got a few videos in this lesson.
It'll be a lot of fun, and we'll get
you the Android operating system up and
running in no time.